Super Numbers Privacy Policy Welcome to our products. Super Numbers (including services provided by App and other products, hereinafter referred to as "Products and Services") is developed and operated by Marvel Technology (hereinafter referred to as "we"). Ensuring the data security and privacy protection of users is our top priority. This privacy policy sets out the data collected when you access and use our products and services and how it is processed. Please be sure to read carefully and confirm that you fully understand all the rules and key points of this Privacy Policy before continuing to use our products. Once you choose to use it, you are deemed to agree to the entire content of this Privacy Policy and agree to our collection and use of you in accordance with it. related information. If you have any questions about this policy while reading, you can contact our customer service for consultation. Please contact us through falemdealek@gmail.com or the feedback method in the product. If you do not agree with the relevant agreement or any terms thereof, you should stop using our products and services. This privacy policy helps you understand the following: 1. How we collect and use your personal information; 2. How we store and protect your personal information; 3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information; 4. How we use cookies and other tracking technologies; 5. How we handle the personal information of minors; 1. How we collect and use your personal information Personal information refers to records that can be made alone or together with other information in electronic or other ways. Combined with various information that identifies the identity of a specific natural person or reflects the activities of a specific natural person. We comply with the requirements of the "Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China" and "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specifications" (GB/T 35273-2017) and other relevant laws and regulations, and strictly follow the principles of legitimacy, legality and necessity, for your We collect and use your personal information during the use of the services and/or products we provide. 2. How we store and protect your personal information As a general rule, we only retain your personal information for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose of collecting the information. We will retain your personal information for as long as strictly necessary to manage our relationship with you (for example, when you open an account and obtain services from our products). We may need to retain your archived personal information beyond the expiration of the above periods for the purpose of complying with legal obligations or to demonstrate that a right or contract satisfies applicable statutes of limitations requirements and will not be able to delete it at your request. When your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes or archival purposes for which we are subject to legal obligations or statutory limitations, we ensure that they are completely deleted or anonymized. We use industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide and encrypt key data to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonably feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from malicious attacks. 3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information. When needed to manage our daily business activities and to pursue legitimate interests to better serve customers, we will use your personal information in a compliant and appropriate manner. For business and comprehensive consideration of all aspects, we only use this data ourselves and do not share it with any third parties. We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of government authorities. Subject to complying with laws and regulations, when we receive the above request to disclose information, we will require the issuance of corresponding legal documents, such as a subpoena or a letter of investigation. We firmly believe that the information we are asked to provide should be as transparent as possible to the extent permitted by law. In the following situations, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent: 1. Directly related to national security and national defense security; 2. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and judgment execution, etc. Relevant; 3. To protect your or other individuals' life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests but it is difficult to obtain your consent; 4. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own; 5. From legally disclosed information Collect personal information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels. 6. Necessary to sign and perform contracts according to the requirements of the personal information subject; 7. Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and handling product or service failures; 8. Required by laws and regulations Other circumstances. 4. How we use cookies and other tracking technologies To ensure the normal operation of our products, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain an identifier, a product name, and some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, we can store data such as your preferences or products, and use it to determine whether the registered user has logged in, improve service and product quality, and optimize user experience. We use various cookies for different purposes, including: strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies, marketing cookies and functional cookies. Some cookies may be provided by external third parties to provide additional functionality to our products. We will not use Cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer or mobile phone. Most web browsers have the function of blocking or disabling cookies. You can configure the browser. Blocking or disabling the Cookie function may affect your ability to use or fully use our products and services. 5. How we handle the personal information of minors Our products, websites and services are mainly for adults. Children may not create their own user accounts without the consent of a parent or guardian. For cases where we collect personal information from children with parental consent, we will only use or publicly disclose this information as permitted by law, with the explicit consent of the parent or guardian, or as necessary to protect the child. If we discover that we have collected personal information from children without first obtaining verifiable parental consent, we will seek to delete the data as quickly as possible. If you are the guardian of a minor, if you have any questions about the minor under your guardianship's use of our services or the user information they provide to us, please contact us in time. We will protect the confidentiality and security of minor user information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations and this policy.
